README.md, before:

﻿# Project Hope
My take on a 2D [Mother](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mother_(video_game_series))-like ARPG in the style of a [Capcom-like fighting game](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Street_Fighter) with some [WarioWare](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wario_(series)#WarioWare_series) sprinkled on top.

Coded in Godot(https://godotengine.org/).

Graphics Made in LibreSprite(https://github.com/LibreSprite/LibreSprite)

Some sections of the Troubleshooting help from [The Mesa Website](https://fdossena.com/?p=mesa/index.frag)

© Davide Azzaretto/envyniv, 2020.


## The Amazing People Who Worked On This

Game Designer(s):
Davide Azzaretto (envy)

Composer(s):
David Kvistofer (davidkvis99)

Sound Engineer(s):
Davide Azzaretto (envyniv)
David Kvistorf (davidkvis99)

Coder(s):
Davide Azzaretto (envyniv)

Pixel Artists:
Davide Azzaretto (envyniv)

### Additional Contributors

gotimo2 (separated player movement and animation)


###### QnA (Not Applicable Yet)

**Q1: My pc is fairly old and won't run the game, despite its minimum requirements.**

A: Go [here](https://fdossena.com/?p=mesa/index.frag), download the proper version you need and put it in the same folder as Godot (if you're editing the project) or as the game itself.

**Q1.1: I did that, yet it's still not working.**

A: Make a folder with the same name as the exe of the program you want to run followed by .local. For instance, hope.exe.local, Inside this folder, copy opengl32.dll from Mesa and run the program.

**Q1.2: why doesn't this work???????**

A: If you're on Windows 7/8, Simply drag the exe of the program you want to run (could be Godot or The Game Itself) on MesaInjector.

**Q2: Is the game free?**

A: If you're willing to compile it, yes it is.

**Q3: what am i paying for then?**

A: What you're paying for in GameJolt is _the compiled_ version of the game, and also my heart and soul that i poured into this, i guess.

**Q4: I don't think the game is worth the money but i want to support you?**

A: As of now, the only thing you can do to support me is buying the game, sorry mate.

**Q5: WHY DOES THIS GAME COST 10€?**

A: The only portion of that money I get is 3€. The rest goes to my friend [David](https://soundcloud.com/dav4eva), he's an amazing composer.

**Q6: I'm willing to buy the game and I want to support you.**

A: Thank you, man. When buying the game, you'll be prompted to name your price, for a minimum of 3 euro. You're free to add to those 3 euros any amount you desire, even 1 cent. It'll still be helpful :)

**Q7: for whatever reason, i feel the impulse to divulge to you information through the means of electronic mail. What would happen to be your electronic mail address?**

A: daviawesome67@gmail.com

Commit message:

added fonts and male4 and male5 sources

README.md, after:

﻿# Project Hope
My take on a 2D [Mother](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mother_(video_game_series))-like ARPG in the style of a [Capcom-like fighting game](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Street_Fighter) with some [WarioWare](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wario_(series)#WarioWare_series) sprinkled on top.

Coded in Godot(https://godotengine.org/).

Graphics Made in LibreSprite(https://github.com/LibreSprite/LibreSprite)

Some sections of the Troubleshooting help from [The Mesa Website](https://fdossena.com/?p=mesa/index.frag)

AppleKid and The Year is 199X fonts by Giegue on [Starmen.net](https://forum.starmen.net/forum/Fan/Forum/Apple-Kid-font/)

© Davide Azzaretto/envyniv, 2020.


## The Amazing People Who Worked On This

Game Designer(s):
Davide Azzaretto (envy)

Composer(s):
David Kvistofer (davidkvis99)

Sound Engineer(s):
Davide Azzaretto (envyniv)
David Kvistorf (davidkvis99)

Coder(s):
Davide Azzaretto (envyniv)

Pixel Artists:
Davide Azzaretto (envyniv)

### Additional Contributors

gotimo2 (separated player movement and animation)


###### QnA (Not Applicable Yet)

**Q1: My pc is fairly old and won't run the game, despite its minimum requirements.**

A: Go [here](https://fdossena.com/?p=mesa/index.frag), download the proper version you need and put it in the same folder as Godot (if you're editing the project) or as the game itself.

**Q1.1: I did that, yet it's still not working.**

A: Make a folder with the same name as the exe of the program you want to run followed by .local. For instance, hope.exe.local, Inside this folder, copy opengl32.dll from Mesa and run the program.

**Q1.2: why doesn't this work???????**

A: If you're on Windows 7/8, Simply drag the exe of the program you want to run (could be Godot or The Game Itself) on MesaInjector.

**Q2: Is the game free?**

A: If you're willing to compile it, yes it is.

**Q3: what am i paying for then?**

A: What you're paying for in GameJolt is _the compiled_ version of the game, and also my heart and soul that i poured into this, i guess.

**Q4: I don't think the game is worth the money but i want to support you?**

A: As of now, the only thing you can do to support me is buying the game, sorry mate.

**Q5: WHY DOES THIS GAME COST 10€?**

A: The only portion of that money I get is 3€. The rest goes to my friend [David](https://soundcloud.com/dav4eva), he's an amazing composer.

**Q6: I'm willing to buy the game and I want to support you.**

A: Thank you, man. When buying the game, you'll be prompted to name your price, for a minimum of 3 euro. You're free to add to those 3 euros any amount you desire, even 1 cent. It'll still be helpful :)

**Q7: for whatever reason, i feel the impulse to divulge to you information through the means of electronic mail. What would happen to be your electronic mail address?**

A: daviawesome67@gmail.com
